TPEA 2021
=========

Fiona Aubrey-Smith
------------------


EdTech to PedTec
* EdTec
    * focus on education
    * the system 
    * the process
* PedTech
    * focuses on people
    * the beliefs 
    * the language
    * the relationships

Pedagogy is related to personal approaches

We talk about WHAT is used, not HOW it's used

* Pedagogical Stance
    * What does it mean to be a leaner? or Teacher?
    * Where does knowledge come form?
    * What affects what is possible for a leaner?
    * What is the relationship between school, education and learning?

* Funnels of Influence
    * [short version](https://www.OneLifeLearning.co.uk/resources)
    * [PhD](https://oro.open.ac.uk/75001)

> We can then focus on the reality of improving practice, rather than just an optimistic ideology

* What works best "there" and what works best "here"


Elizabeth Hidson
----------------

Hidson. E 2020

@DrHidson
University of Sunderland
Train teachers all over the world

* We confuse
    * Teaching _about_ technology
    * Teaching _with_ technology

Video-calling and desktop-sharing (Hidson 2020)

Shulman 1986 - Subject knowlege, pedagogical content knoelwhe , curricula knowlge

* PCK by proxy
* There is an unheard commentary that is a part of any shared lesson resource.
    * You would normally have this by talking to the other teacher
* Lesson resources are missing _pedagogical metadata_
* _Why_ we do what we do

* Pedagogical reasoning - Know how to:
    * Know what you need to be able to teach
    * Know how to find it
    * How to repurpose it
    * How to teach with it


ALL teachers need digital competence (this is not on the teacher standards)

* [European Framework for the Digital Competence of Educators: DigCompEdu](https://publications.jrc.ec.europa.eu/repository/handle/JRC107466)


Ann Marcus-Quinn
----------------

University of Limerick, Ireland

* Observing/Capturing the engagement
    * Behaviour "in the wild"
        * Course rep downloads and share on facebook
        * Communally watching videos
    * Students think this is spying and waste of time
        * Communicate clearly what you are observing and how data will be used
        * Students _playing_ videos but not actually watching them
* Analysing the data
* Creating the Narrative

* Informal chat with recent graduates - Very revealing!


Chris Shelton
-------------

University of Chichester

https://edusummit2019.fse.ulaval.ca/pages/about-edusummit-2019.html

* [EDUsummIT 2019](https://edusummit2019.fse.ulaval.ca/) - Canada
    * During summit, groups meet to discuss the papers, compare perspectives and to write action plans and working papers
    * Initial working papers are published at the end of the summit
    * Work continues to develop papers as chapters for an eBook and further academic papers
    * Working groups
        * TWG 3: Creativity
        * TWG 8: Pedagogical reasoning and reflective practice
    * [eBook for 2019 summit](https://edusummit2019.fse.ulaval.ca/files/edusummit2019_ebook.pdf)

Key issues and literature for our field

Search for EduSmmIT papers for peer reviewed

Summary reports from previous summits 2017

next is 2022


Dave Darwent
------------

Teacher trainer

* Myths
    * Highlight on lesson plan (just flag-waving)
        * Signposting
        * Use of technology
        * Numeracy
        * Literacy

Story: Trainee delivered PE lessons with loads of maths.
The student said "what maths?"

Integration is key.

* shift from novelty add-on to integral and unremarkable component
    * 1970''s TV
    * 1980's worksheets
    * 1990's videos
    * 2000's powerpoint
    * 2010's Youtube


Boba Mannova
------------


Rebecca Wilson
--------------

Action research

Adventures in dram and digital animation
re-inventing the school play

Backdrop to support school play

2d puppet making
moving - rigging - animating
silhouette animation
Stop frame animation

actors interacting with animation

Have a plan, don't expect to stick to it.



Beena Nana
----------

Keynote

Digital and Technology
Strategy and Research Lead
Digital Strategy for Education (Setup when Covid hit)
Department for Education

* [Research and analysis: Education technology (EdTech) survey: 2020 to 2021 ](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/education-technology-edtech-survey-2020-to-2021)
    * Technology can reduce workload


There are not tech requirements in Core Content Framework

* [GLOW: Digital Learning in Scotland](https://glowconnect.org.uk/)


John Sibbald
------------


Carol Hordatt Gentles
----------------------

Jamaica


Tessy Mosindi
-------------

Head of Computer Science / Business - Classroom teacher
Black woman - PGCE 2018 inner city birmingham
Self taught programming

How is knowing how computer work worthwhile for these students?

Computer Science is one size fits all - no founcadtion paper, no double GCSE module.
The paper is science, smart, hard, are you good enough?
(How do we foster creativity?)

Hard for stdents to learn by themselfs - lots of abstract content

Pipeline problem with minorities
Inclusion

Not enough ICT - digital content creator

Adapt the curriculum!

1 hour a week for KS3 is not enough to teach Comuting and all the other digital skills they need
3 hours a week at KS4

Budget to train ALL teachers
(again, this is not on the teacher standards at all)

"Passports for life" (life skills) - digital skills is outside Computer Science

www.educatingafricafund.org
