


Questions

Current happenting in school

Inclusion planning and assessment

Policy - pp presentation

Less observations - development
Joint planning?



--- Network Meeting - Thursday 13th January
 
We will be hosting our second on-line gathering of subject mentors this week.
Computing 'Teacher Educator' Network Meeting - Thursday 13th January 2022 16.30 - 18:00
https://eu.bbcollab.com/guest/2729e6a602f445d0a232c6d45697e932â€¯

The purpose and impact of these meetings is:
To share and develop the subject (and curriculum) expertise of all Teacher Educators,
and therefore enrich the dialogue and support in the Student Progress Review Triads, the placement setting activity and the ITTE Curriculum, as there will be a greater coherence between the placements and university.

In this second meeting we will focus on Key Spotlight Questions 6 & 7:
 - KSQ6: "What does inclusion really mean?"
 - KSQ7: "How do you plan and assess learning?"

The purpose of this meeting is not 'training'.
It is an opportunity for us as 'Teacher Educators' to discuss the points below.
Please come prepared to share some of your views on:
 - How might we support Neurodiversity in Teacher education?
 - What does an inclusive subject classroom look like?
 - How do we support our student teachers to plan and assess learning?
   - Joint planning? Observation feedback?
 - What does learning look like for student teachers?
 - What are the barriers to student teachers?
 - How might you remove them?

There will also be time to discuss any interesting literature that you have been reading and to address any questions you have about particular student issues.


--- Future Network Meetings - Invitation to present - Thursday 3rd March

We want to build a collaborative network of mentors.
If you are interested in showcasing/sharing/spotlighting any segments/questions/practice/ideas for future sessions, please get in touch.
This could be a good opportunity to share your good mentoring practice with other institutions.

Our next 'Teacher Educator' network meeting is scheduled for Thursday 3rd March. Please pop this in your calendars.




https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/1f91/fe220ea1ac004a9c4c342a1fa69819917359.pdf
https://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/EJ1238367.pdf
https://vtechworks.lib.vt.edu/bitstream/handle/10919/25793/25472270.pdf?sequence=1&isAllowed=y
https://doi.org/10.1080/09687599.2021.1916888
https://eric.ed.gov/?id=EJ1218476