SP15
====

KSQ 7: What does ‘inclusion’ really mean?
(Last session focused on 'inclusion' - next session 'Broad and Balanced Curriculum')


* New placements (30min)
    * 15min in pairs
        * Whats the same
        * Whats different
    * To board
* Announcements (30min)
    * Surveys (SPEF, PTES)
    * Political impartiality in schools (new legislation)
    * Saturday 12th March - Routes into teaching - paid - VH.3
    * Enhancing Pedagogy - Reminder - Turnout
    * GCSE Evidence - what would this look like?
    * Inspection Copies of Books (hint)
* Academically More Able (1 hour)
* Unplugged (1 hour)
* Collaboration (1 hour)
* Primary (1 hour)
* KSQ 7: What does ‘inclusion’ really mean? - Summary (45min)
* Action point (15min)


* Learning Objectives (for KSQ)
    * Understand the relationship between inclusion and differentiation
    * Identify and understand all the different factors that affect or prevent students’ learning and progress
    * Plan for inclusive learning using research and best practice; responding to and meeting the needs of all learners




sp14
* Understanding primary education in Computing
    * Utilise strategies for primary teaching as a vehicle/inspiration to engage with a secondary pupils
* Computing unplugged - Computing concepts without a computer


* AMA (Academically more able)
* Paired and group activities
    * to work together effectively pupils need guidance, support and practice
    * care should be taken to monitor the impact of groupings on pupil attainment, behaviour and motivation






Talking Head? video
Why teach Computing


* [Bulletin 19](https://sway.office.com/HPzT5Njp3SEq90Lj)


New school
----------




Thursday Evening Enrichment
---------------------------

* Optional
* Guests turnout


Political Guidance
------------------

* [Political impartiality in schools](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/political-impartiality-in-schools/political-impartiality-in-schools) 17th Feb 2022
    * These legal duties mean schools:
        * Must prohibit the promotion of partisan political views
            * a strong supporter of a party, cause, or person.
        * Should take steps to ensure the balanced presentation of opposing views on political issues when they are brought to the attention of pupils
    * Schools are also required to actively promote the fundamental British values of:
        * democracy
        * the rule of law
        * individual liberty
        * mutual respect and tolerance of those with different faiths and beliefs
* Difficult situation
    * Simultaneously - convey political positions - while also provides wider views - but not too wide
    * We should not ignore all politics because our teaching should have community context
    * Relevant to computing is privacy and freedom of speech

Surveys
-------
Research shows
* Sooner filled in - better the responses
* The more responsive the more positive
    * Don't let the grumpy venom from a few poison the perception of others

Email
Week of 7th Feb

### SPEF Survey (compulsory)

Internal
Placement 1 Evaluation


### PTES Survey (technically optional)

8% completion rate

Student Survey Unit
Email (not from canterbury.ac.uk) + weekley reminders

* [Postgraduate Taught Experience Survey (PTES)](https://www.advance-he.ac.uk/reports-publications-and-resources/postgraduate-taught-experience-survey-ptes)
    * > Teaching about political issues, the different views people have, and the ways pupils can engage in our democratic society is an essential part of a broad and balanced curriculum. It is an important way in which schools support pupils to become active citizens who can form their own views, whilst having an understanding and respect for legitimate differences of opinion.

Computing Representative
------------------------

March 12th
Verena Holmes 2nd 3rd floor
Saturday 14:00 - Parking music saturday


Hello, 

We have an upcoming Postgraduate Routes into Teaching Open Event on Saturday 12th March, 10am-2pm in the Verena Holmes Building and are looking for students to support your course.  If you are available to work, please email FAHE.Marketing@canterbury.ac.uk 

Deadline for responses is Monday 7th March 9am. 

Programme: 
    9.30am	Student Ambassadors to join 
    10am		Event Opens, Primary and Secondary Talks, Taster sessions, Drop-in course and support services stands 
    2pm		Event closes 

This will be a paid opportunity.  Ambassadors will be paid £10.09 per hour and must be signed up to Unitemps and have completed their Right to Work check before they undertake any work. Unitemps will contact you to arrange this if you are not signed up with them. 

You will be supporting your Academic tutors at the event and helping with questions and answers from prospective students.   

We require x2 student ambassadors per course (as listed above). 

Please email FAHE.Marketing@canterbury.ac.uk - we look forward to hearing from you soon! 



GCSE Evidence
-------------

Answer by next friday March 11th




Inspection Copy Request for Books
----------------------------------
* [PG Online](https://www.pgonline.co.uk/resources/computer-science/)
    * [OCR GCSE J277 Computer Science](https://www.pgonline.co.uk/resources/computer-science/gcse-ocr/gcse-ocr-computer-science-j277/)


* [Programming Time: Cards](https://punkjazz.org/programming-time/)