SP20
====

KSQ 10: What is my impact?

* Learning Objectives
    * Articulate ambitions for self and learners through reflection of personal journey and progress to date 
    * Critique and evaluate the research and practice of self and others
* Professional practice and relationships, identifying my impact on pupil progress through reflection, evaluation and research. Meaningfully using data.
* Pupil Progress Bundles


Overview
--------

* Policy (1 hour)
* Ofsted: Research Review Computing (1 hour)
* Lesson Impact (1 hour)
* Memo to next years cohort (1 hour)


Policy
------

* Policy (1 hour)
    * What policies are you each investigating?
    * Pair Share?
    * Policy as 'software'
        * [CCCU: Policy Listing Categories](https://cccu.canterbury.ac.uk/policy-listing/policy-listing-categories.aspx) Staff-only
        * Review placement policy (this related to your setting) (10min)
        * policy's are _interpreted_
* 2021-22 Secondary Student Teachers' Blackboard (P1054) A21P1054 >> Enriching Pedagogy >> EP Sessions >> Module 3



* Some quotes
    * [Policy enactments in the UK secondary school: examining policy, practice and school positioning](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/02680931003698544)
        * > the paper not just explores why a policy is adopted but also ... schools produce their own ‘take’ on policy, drawing on aspects of their culture or ethos, as well as on the situated necessities
        * four case study schools in the south‐east of England
    * [Behaviour, classroom management and student ‘control’: enacting policy in the English secondary school](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/09620214.2010.503066)
        * > policy, even when it is centrally mandated, is translated, adjusted and worked on differently by diverse sets of policy actors.
        * > there is an assumption that if teachers deal with difficult pupil behaviour as a first step, then the young people will learn better’ (1). ‘Fixing’ behaviour will ‘fix’ learning: 


Ofsted: Research Review Computing (1 hour)
---------------------------------

* [Ofsted: Research Review Computing](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/research-review-series-computing/research-review-series-computing) May 2022
    * My highlights [ofstedComputing](./ofstedComputing.md)

TASK: Divide and conquer? Take a segment
1. Consider the Impact of this nationally
2. Consider the Impact of this in your teaching for your ECT year
    * Action points?


Lesson Impact
-------------

* Think about the range of lessons you have delivered this year.
* Pick a total of two lessons/topics that you think would be interesting to talk/mention/discuss with the rest of the group.
* Don't spend time preparing anything formal, but I do want you to think about taking the projector for a few mins to talk about your lesson/topic.
* For each topic we can discuss between us the possible impact our lesson/topic might have had and what we might do in future to evidence/expand that impact.


Reflecting on the year: memo to next years cohort (45min)
----------------------

### Lighthouse statement (From SP1) (15min)

* You've made a lighthouse statement about _who you are_ and _why you want to teach_.
* I made a lighthouse statement at the start of my teacher training PGCE.
* I read it back at the end of my PGCE year.
* I could not identify with it.
* It was some words that babaled about _making a difference_. It was unstructured idealist nonsense.
* I could not believe how much the year had changed me.

This year will change you.

> When you learn something, you are permanently changed.
<sub>David Didau</sub>

TASK: Reflect on our own journey

### Memo to next years cohort and final reflections (30min)

* MSFroms
    * [Reflecting on the year (Advice to next cohort)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=2rIgA90iq02MIW5kS6FPE4bZosdBzY5AvRurHpjUivVUOTRMMkgxMUNYSDU3M1RZNVFZUzZMMzFGVS4u)
        1. What advice/wisdom would you give to next years PGCE/SD students? This could be (anonymously) conveyed in the first session next year.
    * [Reflecting on the year (doing it differently)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=2rIgA90iq02MIW5kS6FPE4bZosdBzY5AvRurHpjUivVUQThLMDNZVVg3UjJKSEtDUVQyUUU3UEY0Ti4u)
        1. What could Christ Church (in general) do differently?
        2. What could I (as a subject tutor) do differently?
        3. What could you have done differently?
