Cognitive load theory
---------------------

* [Cognitive Load](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_load) John Sweller 198x?
* [Cognitive Load Theory and its application in the classroom](https://impact.chartered.college/article/shibli-cognitive-load-theory-classroom/) Chartered College of Teaching Journal 2020

> Dylan Wiliam tweeted on 26 January 2017 that he had ‘come to the conclusion Sweller’s Cognitive Load Theory is the single most important thing for teachers to know

* [Dylan Wiliam, Mind the Gap, Ep. 55 (S3E11)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ynsMwzsCsg&t=1775s)
    * > It's counter intuitive that a student can do a task unaided, but then can't remember how to do it 2 weeks later. That's because all of their cognitive resource was taken doing the task, but not on understanding how/why.
    * This is the single most important thing for teachers to know
    * Just because a student did the task, does not mean they know it
    * wall displays (showcasing work) to be shown at the back of the class to remove distraction from teaching
    * REALLY important for low working memory students!! Equity! (high working memory students are rarely overloaded)

* achiment movivates more then motivation makes achivement

Attention is a finite resource and can be depleted quickly.

> Working memory should be seen as short term and finite, 
> whereas long-term memory can be seen as infinite. 
>
> The aim should be to move knowledge to long-term memory 
> because when a student is exposed to new material, 
> they can draw on this previous knowledge and the cognitive load is reduced.
>
> However, if subject knowledge is incomplete, 
> the student is unable to fall back on the long-term memory and the working memory becomes overloaded, 
> leading to working memory failures. 
(Gathercole and Alloway, 2007),

> Be wary of reducing cognitive load too much – the learning process should be manageable, but not overly fragmented.
See Expertise Reversal Effect in [inclusion.md](./inclusion.md) - too much support cases lack of engagement and inattention


> Gesturing is a technique children use to reduce cognitive load while speaking

Help sheets or Knowledge Organisers can help reduce cognitive load.

* CESE NSW Government DfE [Cognitive load theory in practice Examples for the classroom](https://khsbpp.files.wordpress.com/2018/11/cognitive_load_theory_practice_guide_aa.pdf) Center for Education Statistics and Evaluation 2018
    * Understanding prior knowledge is VITAL to your planning for cognitive load
    * Lots of classroom examples - beautifully presented
* NCCE [Pedagogy Quick Read #1 : Cognitive Load Theory](https://blog.teachcomputing.org/pedagogy-bytes-quick-reads-for-busy-educators/)



* [[parsons_problems]]
* [[conversational_programming]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[parsons_problems]: parsons_problems.md "parsons_problems"
[conversational_programming]: conversational_programming.md "conversational_programming"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"