SP11
====

* Mentor led foci 
    * 28th November
        * Exploration of formal assessment processes and exam board specifications - What is an effective assessment?
        * How is assessment integrated into the department? How do we use the data gathered? 
        * How should data be used in the pupil progress evidence bundles? 
    * 5th December
        * How do you ensure that your curriculum meets the needs of all pupils?  
        * How do I effectively liaise with SENDCO, SEND department and other colleagues, families and pupils to identify effective strategies?  
        * What are the issues of access and engagement in this subject, and setting?    


* Overview
    * Cooperative and collaborative Computing learning
        * [Pair programming](./pairProgramming.md) done last week, [code review](./code-review.md) , version-control
    * [[automated_tests]]
    * [eLearning environments](./eLearningEnvironments.md) and tools (30 min)
    * [Tech](./tech.md)nologies for teaching Computing (1.5 hours)
        * [Microbits](../physicalProgramming/microbit/README.md), Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Linux and Machine Virtualisation, Other (lego, etc)
            * [RockPaperScissors.py](../physicalProgramming/microbit/rock_paper_scissors.py) (see [[inclusion]] task )
            * The goal is the 'leaning objective' not 'the task'
        * TinkerCAD
        * https://github.com/calaldees/GitPodExample
        * https://github.com/calaldees/TeachProgramming/blob/master/teachprogramming/static/projects/net/disco.md
        * https://github.com/jupyterlite/jupyterlite
            * Create a question (with assert statements)
            * Maybe create a jupyer notebook question with one of the edexcel questions we encountered from last session?
            * Students submit jupyter notebook files?
    * [Creativity](./creativity.md) (30min)
        * mitigating the attainment hierarchy


Other interesting
-----------------

Last point on assessment?

* OCR Entry Level (KS3)
    * Prevents the vagueness of KS3 assessment
    * Stepping stone to GCSE
    * https://www.ocr.org.uk/qualifications/entry-level/computer-science-r354-from-2016/
        * 80% 4 x 30min exams - internally marked - externally moderatated
        * 20% Project


Upcoming
========

### PGCE - Subject Pedagogy Assignment 2

* Due January!

### PPD Day 

* Folder review day + workshops
* May be in different room! Watch the bulletin!


Extra
=====

* [Innovative teaching in computer science: what does it mean and why do we need it?](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/08993408.2010.486239) 2010 Y. Ben-David Kolikant 
    * encourage students to become more active in their learning, 
    * make the CS classroom more authentic, more similar to the real work setting of CS practitioners
    * build on students' existing knowledge and understanding
    * encourage peer learning in various ways. In all papers, ICT is used to leverage these efforts.
    * > bring about a transformation in the students' professional point of view: Helping them become competent and appreciative of what CS professionals deem as problems worth solving, acceptable work process, elegant and effective solutions, knowledge worth knowing, and so forth
    * “Experiences with lab-centric instruction”, Titterton, Lewis, and Clancy
        * > substituting lecture for lab time
    * Teaching computer science through problems, not solutions”, Fee and Holland-Minkley propose a problem-based learning
    * Constructive evaluation: a pedagogy of student-contributed assessment”, Luxton-Reilly and Denny
        * > “constructive evaluation”. Students are required to author questions that assess one or more of the learning outcomes of a course and provide a sample solution
            * How can this be organised? My students can't formulate questions or consolidate their knowledge effectively in words


---

How do we train groups to interact?
> We are all better at spotting mistakes in the work of others.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[automated_tests]: automated_tests.md "automated_tests"
[inclusion]: inclusion.md "Inclusion"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"