SP13
====

Safeguarding survey initial compliance survey ? email? remind students to complete 

Announcements
-------------

* Absence
    * If isolating but 'ok' enough to work - show engagement
    * Course School Days >= 120 days
        * Covid may not count - attendance rules are about engagement
* GCSE Opportunity - May
    * Interest?
    * Sit exams in a local Canterbury school


Inclusion
---------

KSQ 7: What does ‘inclusion’ really mean?
Understanding inclusion and the key strategies that create and hinder an inclusive classroom
* Learning Objectives
    * Understand the relationship between inclusion and differentiation
    * Identify and understand all the different factors that affect or prevent students’ learning and progress
    * Plan for inclusive learning using research and best practice; responding to and meeting the needs of all learners

NOTE1: A drawback of 'current' world of teaching - to reduce workload planning you are expected to be given largely pre-constructed lessons. This limits your ability to develop planning skills.
NOTE2: Topic is HUGE. This session will scratch the surface.

[inclusion.md](./inclusion.md)

* Ability v capability
    * Ability: demonstrated skill
    * Capability: potential to fulfil
* Planning for inclusion - key strategies in Computing
    * Range of students activity
* Integrating 'inclusively'
    * Understand pupils’ differences
    * Don't _artificially_ creating distinct
        * Same surface, different depth (SSDD)
    * Pupils do not have distinct and identifiable learning styles
* Making use of data in Computing
    * aid planning of inclusion
    * What might this mean in the context of Computing
* Planning to aid learning in Computing
    * short to medium term, catering for all needs
* Provision for students with SEND in Computing
    * Strategies to aid individual students with different specific needs;
* Differentiation: inclusion v adaptation in Computing
* Teacher Assistant collaboration
* Discussion: Segregation to improve inclusion? (wait? that does not make sense? why do we segregate?)


Next Session - Feb 4th
------------

* Primary
    * Guest Speaker - Foundation years
* Unplugged


Further Reading
---------------

* Current affairs
    * [The big issues set to dominate education in 2022](https://www.tes.com/magazine/analysis/general/big-issues-set-dominate-education-2022)
        * SEND Review delayed since 2019
        * SEND ECHP massively oversubscribed and refused
        * 80% now academies and LA's cant fund them
        * Exam wows about dropped results (covid?)
        * Recruitment

