SP16
====

* Colleagues visiting - next 4 sessions

SQ 8: What is a broad and balanced curriculum?
-----------------------------------------------

Developing the whole student, considering subject interconnections and cross curricular 
learning

* Learning Objectives
    * Engage learners and develop a love of learning in subject through capitalising on a broad and balanced curriculum
    * Recognise the hidden curriculum and its power to alienate and engage learners and consider the wider curriculum, including cross curricular learning, to develop the whole student
    * Understand Critical theories and their impact on teaching and learning 


Intro
-----

* Mentor led foci 
    * WB 13th March
        * How do we work with other subject areas to capitalise on or contribute to wider learning?
        * What are the literacy and numeracy school policies and how are they embedded in planning and teaching?
        * How do we recognise and celebrate diversity in the curriculum?
    * WB 20th March
        * What are the contextual factors used to support pupil engagement and success in the subject?
        * How do we gather feedback from pupils about subject curriculum content and design?
        * How do we address health and wellbeing concerns for our students as part of our curriculum?


Today Overview
---------------

* [[computingAcrossCurriculum]]
    * Broad and Balanced? (15min intro)
    * Education Inspection Framework (30min)
    * Other subject curriculums (30min)
    * Big question lesson demo - Anaglyph (1 hour)
    * Design a cross-curricular/board-and-balanced lesson - (1 hour)
    * Datablast - wall o links - amazing (1 hour)
    * DNA (regex)
    * [GitPod Example](https://github.com/calaldees/GitPodExample) - plotly and pillow (30min)
* More
    * MRI viewer?
    * [[citizenship]]
    * [[digitalLiteracy]]
* Bundle Overview (15min)


PGCE Module 3 - Professional Practice
--------
* "What for effective teaching and learning in my context"
* Presentation
* Use their 'placement'/practice to answers the question
* Rubric
  * Addressing the question
  * Use of Literature/Reading
  * Conclusions
  * Communication and Expression

<details>

* [Blackboard](https://learn.canterbury.ac.uk/ultra/courses/_20405_1/outline)
* Not having teaching assigned to it. EP Evenings?
* [draft rubric](https://cccu.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/SecondaryEducation2223/_layouts/15/WopiFrame2.aspx?action=edit&sourcedoc=%7B8f7e0a13-f820-41bc-8c56-d9a93a55c3b9%7D&wdOrigin=TEAMS-ELECTRON.teams.mw&wdExp=TEAMS-CONTROL&wdhostclicktime=1678959313876&web=1)
* Some presentations 'recorded' - standardise 'before' double (person) marking
</details>


Next/Future
----
* Next session SP17
  * PPD2
  * Epistemic Insight (more information to follow)
* Easter --
* SP18 (21st April!!)
  * KS5
* SPR3 Due



<details>
<summary>Unsorted</summary>

Citizenship
FBV
Diversity
Primary transition
School trips

Creativity
Opportunity

Local context
Links to other subjects
project
intentions behind curriculum
Transferable skills
  communication
Pastoral (vertical/mentoring)

Literacy/numeracy policy in subject
Work with other subjects
Feedback from students
health and wellbeing
</details>

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[computingAcrossCurriculum]: computingAcrossCurriculum.md "Computing Across the Curriculum"
[citizenship]: citizenship.md "Citizenship"
[digitalLiteracy]: digitalLiteracy.md "Digital Literacy"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"