SP18
====

* Endgame - Independent teaching
    * SD 1 session left after this (this is session 13 - you only have 14 sessions)
    * PGCE 2 sessions left after this

SQ 9: How do you lead learning?

* Learning Objectives (for spotlight question)
    * Embrace innovation, creativity and risk taking
    * Becoming fully responsible for learning; working with, and leading, others
    * Employ reflexive strategies that challenge, secure learning and ensure significant progress for all learners


* Mentor Led Foci
    * WB 17th April
        * How does teaching at KS5 differ from KS3/4? What pedagogical approaches?
        * Revisit content knowledge and audit for KS5
        * How do I independently lead learning in my subject?
        * How do you use data to support learning for all pupils, and to target specific and timely interventions?
    * WB 24th April
        * How is data most effectively used within the department?
        * How does the department build pupil resilience and motivation? What are the barriers and what works to overcome them?
        * How does this department build a sense of pupil agency, enjoyment of a subject and a willingness to take creative risks in their learning?

* Announcements
    * (Ofsted list summary printed)
    * SPR3 Due Next week
    * PGCE Professional Practice Module
        * Dropin tonight (and next week)
    * [ePortfolio Padlett](https://cccu.padlet.org/embed/388pdbhmkg32eajr) Video Support

* Overview
    * Guest speaker 'Lewis Warner' (EKC Group) (1 hour)
        * local college - curriculum and journey
    * [ks5.md](./ks5.md) (3 hours)
    * https://github.com/calaldees/GitPodExample (30min?)
    * Subject Knowledge Audit - Rework (30min)
    * Broad and Balanced > Brining it all together (30min)
* Next Week
    * CPD and Professional Development (school and early career)
    * Creativity and risk taking
    * Data and stats


Broad and Balanced - Bringing it together (30 min)
-----------------------------------------

TASK: Generate (15 min)
* In Pairs - brain dump into shared document
    * [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dBmQmshPGwxk1PlKi1GHjYkuH0E3BTzklwO6W9VXcjc/edit?usp=sharing) (chosen because google has realtime support and the microsoft alternative web view has significant latency for realtime contributions)
* (Given your knowledge of teaching and the course.) Q: What should be part of every (or the majority of) lessons?
TASK: Consolidate (5min)
* As a group - Attempt to remove duplicates

<details>

Long list is long ... (not even nearly complete!)

* Objectives
* Range of Activities (Starter/Plenary)
* Role model (behaviour/interaction)
* [[literacy]] - keywords, build technical language
* [[numeracy]]
* [[assessment_formative]]
* [[assessment_feedback_task]]
* [[retrieval_practice]]
* [[metaCognition]]
* [[behaviour]] behaviour for learning + behaviour management
* [[inclusion]] SEND - learning for all
* [[academicallyMoreAble]]
* [[eal]]
* [[dual_coding]] - multi mode/format
* [[digitalLiteracy]]
* [[citizenship]]
* [[fundamental_british_values]]
* And more and more


* I spent my career thinking that I was a failing teacher. 
* I looked at every lesson I ever delivered and could see gaps where an inspector or observer could say "I was missing".
* We are about to be inspected by Ofsted - Have I covered every inch of the [[CCF]]?

This task actually a way for my to highlight/cover [[fundamental_british_values]] from a subject specific context.
</details>


Subject Knowledge Audit - Rework (30min)
--------------------------------

* SQ9: How do you lead learning
    * Becoming fully responsible for learning; working with, and leading, others
* Task: As a group - contribute/decide/discuss/create modifications/rework to the subject knowledge audit for computing teachers
    * [google sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YR6sXZAFj0UupbvfpQyosbGo9Po4xFQrOU5l9-A0Qtk/edit?usp=sharing)
* Questions
    * Can one subject audit for computing cover all schools?
    * How would you categorise it?
        * Pedagogy?
        * Skills?
        * Key Stage?
    * How would you measure/evidence it?
        * Is the "Level 2: practical" applicable?
    * Should the audit include/reference/acknowledge ks5 skills? (meteor lead foci)
* Requirement
    * You must use the level descriptors (as an organisation consistency requirement)


Summary (30 min)
-------

Given:
* All the things you need to do every lesson
* The Subject Knowledge (required by the curriculum)

Task: Question
* Is computing relevant to young people?
* Is "the Curriculum driving the child" or "the child driving the curriculum"?
    * Which is more important? Why?


Other
-----
* In bulletin
    * YouTube: [Slow Teaching Strategies With Jamie Thom, Mind the Gap, Ep. 51 (S3E7)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA2_5VD-jzs) Mind the Gape with Tom and Emma (1 hour video)
        * Joy of the job
        * Slow down - every lesson a focus - look at the macro - do the important things
        * Going fast - nothing sticks 
        * Amazon: [Slow Teaching: On finding calm, clarity and impact in the classroom Paperback – 2 Mar. 2018](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Slow-Teaching-finding-clarity-classroom/dp/1911382608/)



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[literacy]: literacy.md "Literacy"
[numeracy]: numeracy.md "Numeracy"
[assessment_formative]: assessment_formative.md "Formative Assessment"
[assessment_feedback_task]: assessment_feedback_task.md "assessment_feedback_task"
[retrieval_practice]: retrieval_practice.md "Retrieval Practice"
[metaCognition]: metaCognition.md "Meta-cognition"
[behaviour]: behaviour.md "Behaviour"
[inclusion]: inclusion.md "Inclusion"
[academicallyMoreAble]: academicallyMoreAble.md "Academically More Able"
[eal]: eal.md "English as an Additional Language (EAL)"
[dual_coding]: dual_coding.md "dual_coding"
[digitalLiteracy]: digitalLiteracy.md "Digital Literacy"
[citizenship]: citizenship.md "Citizenship"
[fundamental_british_values]: fundamental_british_values.md "Fundamental British Values"
[CCF]: national_documentation/CCF.md "Core Content Framework"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"