SP19
====

Final session with SD.


Spotlight Questions
----------

* SQ 9: How do you lead learning?
    * Developing classroom practice to become an autonomous practitioner who has an impact on learners, learning and progress
    * Learning Objectives
        * Embrace innovation, creativity and risk taking
        * Becoming fully responsible for learning; working with, and leading, others
        * Employ reflexive strategies that challenge, secure learning and ensure significant progress for all learners
* SQ 10: What is my impact?
    * Evaluating impact on pupil learning, progress and development of professional identity
    * Learning Objectives
        * Articulate ambitions for self and learners through reflection of personal journey and progress to date 
        * Identify next steps and plan for ECT years  
        * Critique and evaluate the research and practice of self and others





* Risk taking and innovation in Computing
* Creativity and fun in learning Computing
* Your professional role: Supporting colleagues in your institution with Computing
* Promoting pupil independence
* AFL and ‘adapting teaching’


* Effective CPD (Continued Professional Development)
    * Measuring impact
    * Sharing good practice
    * Networking with other Computing practitioners
* What are the key questions for me?
* What is and what is not my impact?
* What innovative practice will I take with me to ECT year?
* SPR targets - What are my next steps?
* Return to ‘professional purpose’ statement from induction 1, how has this evolved?
* Professional Practice Bundle



* Professional practice and relationships, identifying my impact on pupil progress through reflection, evaluation and research. Meaningfully using Computing data.

TODO: data and stats?


* [ok plateau](https://www.theguardian.com/teacher-network/teacher-blog/2013/apr/11/expert-teachers-ok-plateau-professional-development) 2013 Alex Quigley (As of 2023 research lead for EEF)
    * > common autopilot state when you have habitually mastered the basics of a task, but despite being skilled you stop really improving to reach expert status; you simply plateau in performance
    * > With the storm of demands created by workload, any improvement beyond this point seemed fanciful. 
      > I stopped reading about teaching and learning and I stopped being coached with genuine regularity.



Overview
--------

Break the mould and move beyond

* Taking a risk [[creativeTeaching]] (40min)
* [[cpd]]
* [[managingData]]
* [[practical]] NCCE paper 2022


<details>

Blog?
Physical?
Innovative classroom
  wireless vnc tablet (sleep)
Online trailblazer?

CI for module progress
Live code visualiser

Data progress example?
</details>



Leading Learning - EEF Example (30min)
----------------
#8-Wider-Learn-that-7-quality_cpd
* [Professional Development Leaders Conference 2023 - keynote Alex Quigley](https://stemlearning.wistia.com/medias/q399quqg66) 03:38 to 10:00 (5min)
    * Why use evidence ...
    * Read these two programs - which is more effective and why (03:38 to 04:20)
    * Programme 1
        * Whole-school improvement programme that aims to improve the academic and social outcomes of primary school pupils
        * Trained coaches deliver a bespoke two-year programme though monthly coaching sessions, focusing on leadership, learning, parental engagement and wider outcomes
        * There is also a specific focus on improving outcomes for a target group of children (which largely consist of the lowest 20% of attainers)
    * Programme 2
        * Aims to improve pupil engagement and attainment by improving the quality of classroom talk
        * Teachers are trained in strategies that enable pupils to reason, discuss, argue and explain rather than merely respond, in order to develop high order thinking and articulacy
        * The programme uses video review, print materials and in-school mentoring to support teachers' practice across English, maths and science lessons
<details>
<summary>The outcome of both programmes</summary>

05:25 to 10:00
CPD sustained over course of integration - at heart of each programme

* Programme 1 - "Achievement for All"
    * Whole-school improvement programme (monthy coaching sessions)
    * Very pupular - now bust - very intensive
    * Outcome (compared to control groups)
        * All pupils -2 months
        * Target pupils -2 months
* Programme 2 - Dialogic Talk
    * Teacher training to improve quality of classroom talk
    * Outcome
        * All pupils +2 months
        * FSM +2 months

Not every programme is successful, but CPD is vital.

Presentations downloadable and available at
[PDL Conference 2023 recordings and presentation files](https://community.stem.org.uk/viewdocument/pdl-conference-2023-recordings-and?CommunityKey=d8c98d08-fb5d-4a6e-bac9-d7177021a927)
</details>



Remaining
---------

* PGCE
    * 8 weeks left of course = 36 School Days
        * 4 weeks of 4 days (bank hol + SP20 + Presentation + Final) +  4 * 5 days (full weeks)
* SD
    * 5 Weeks of teaching before Final Assessment in mid June
    * 10 weeks until summer


Reflecting on the year: memo to next years cohort (30min)
----------------------

<details>

Add in future:
* [Lighthouse Statement](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=2rIgA90iq02MIW5kS6FPE4bZosdBzY5AvRurHpjUivVUNDdFT1g3NjExRTg5V0dPWUxPOEVEVDBSSC4u)
</details>

### Memo to next years cohort and final reflections (30min)

* MSForms
    * [Reflecting on the year (Advice to next cohort)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=2rIgA90iq02MIW5kS6FPE4bZosdBzY5AvRurHpjUivVUOTRMMkgxMUNYSDU3M1RZNVFZUzZMMzFGVS4u)
        1. What advice/wisdom would you give to next years PGCE/SD students? This could be (anonymously) conveyed in the first session next year.
    * [Reflecting on the year (doing it differently)](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=2rIgA90iq02MIW5kS6FPE4bZosdBzY5AvRurHpjUivVUQThLMDNZVVg3UjJKSEtDUVQyUUU3UEY0Ti4u)
        1. What could Christ Church (in general) do differently?
        2. What could I (as a subject tutor) do differently?
        3. What could you have done differently?

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[creativeTeaching]: creativeTeaching.md "Creative Teaching"
[cpd]: cpd.md "CPD"
[managingData]: managingData.md "Managing Data"
[practical]: practical.md "Practical"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"