SP20
====

SQ 10: What is my impact?

* Learning Objectives
    * Articulate ambitions for self and learners through reflection of personal journey and progress to date 
    * Critique and evaluate the research and practice of self and others
* Professional practice and relationships, identifying my impact on pupil progress through reflection, evaluation and research. Meaningfully using data.
* Pupil Progress Bundles


Overview
--------

* Policy (1 hour)
* Ofsted: Research Review Computing (1 hour)
* Lesson Impact (1 hour)
* Memo to next years cohort (1 hour)


[[policy]]

Ofsted: Research Review Computing (1 hour)
---------------------------------

* [Ofsted: Research Review Computing](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/research-review-series-computing/research-review-series-computing) May 2022
    * My highlights [ofstedComputing](./ofstedComputing.md)

TASK: Divide and conquer? Take a segment
1. Consider the Impact of this nationally
2. Consider the Impact of this in your teaching for your ECT year
    * Action points?


Lesson Impact
-------------

* Think about the range of lessons you have delivered this year.
* Pick a total of two lessons/topics that you think would be interesting to talk/mention/discuss with the rest of the group.
* Don't spend time preparing anything formal, but I do want you to think about taking the projector for a few mins to talk about your lesson/topic.
* For each topic we can discuss between us the possible impact our lesson/topic might have had and what we might do in future to evidence/expand that impact.



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[policy]: policy.md "policy"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"