SP9
===

SQ 6: How do you plan and assess for learning?
* LO: Understand how to identify and make critical and effective use of assessment approaches and data to inform and support planning, teaching, learning and progress

* Weekley Mentor Meeting
    * Mentor led foci - 14th November
        * How does the department use AfL to inform practice and curriculum development, how is it evident in planning?  What is good practice?
        * How does AfL inform the structure of learning in lessons?
        * How does the department use feedback and self and peer assessment? How is homework used to inform AfL?
    * Mentor led foci - 21st November
        * Where do many of the subject misconceptions originate? How can you anticipate them?
        * How are misconceptions used positively in learning in subject department? What effective strategies are being used?

Overview
--------

* TASK: Your collective knowledge about assessment
    * You've had a reasonable amount of time in school and talked to your mentors. You know (something) about assessment
    * > Morpheus: Show me

* [[teacherEducation/assessment]]
    * EEF Guidelines
    * Video of Wiliam being a boss
* AfL strategies and feedback to inform Computing practice
    * feedback supporting pupils to monitor and regulate their own learning
* Learning v progress; what does Computing learning look like?
    * Vygotsky's definition
        * development == requires changes in the psychological functions available to the learner, 
        * learning == the acquisition of new mental capabilities, without changes in the available psychological functions
* [[all_student_response_systems]]
    * Traffic lights - criticality
* [[diagnostic_questions]]
    * [diagnosticquestions.com/Quantum](https://diagnosticquestions.com/Quantum)
* Reducing assessment workload
    * High impact high quality feedback
    * Whole class feedback - [[assessment_example]]
    * Live marking [[live_marking]]
* [[bebras]]
    * Got to bebras.uk - what is it?
* [[automated_tests]]
* [[verbal_feedback]]
* [[misconceptions]]


Course
------
* SSL Meeting on 22Nov
    * 10min now as a group to convey any points
* Mid Module evaluation 
    * next week 25th November
    * Feedback (week after 2nd December)
* PGCE SP2 Assignment
    * Critical Incident Video Reflection




[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[teacherEducation/assessment]: assessment.md "Formative Assessment"
[all_student_response_systems]: all_student_response_systems.md "all_student_response_systems"
[diagnostic_questions]: diagnostic_questions.md "diagnostic_questions"
[assessment_example]: assessment_example.md "assessment_example"
[live_marking]: live_marking.md "Live Marking"
[bebras]: bebras.md "bebras"
[automated_tests]: automated_tests.md "automated_tests"
[verbal_feedback]: verbal_feedback.md "verbal_feedback"
[misconceptions]: misconceptions.md "Misconceptions"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"