SP11 Async
==========

* Following from SP10 where we discussed "Broad and Balanced Curriculum". 
* We looked at "Epistemic Questions" (Big questions) and how that lead to a cross-curricular lesson.

* To expand on this topic. I constructed a list of ways in which some of the subjects can be enhanced/overlap with Computing.
* The connections/use/links with computing can only be made by a computing specialist.
    * We can't expect a history teacher to be fluent in data processing

* Objective
    * Explore concepts relating to 'Computing across the Curriculum'

(From: [[computingAcrossCurriculum]])

Questions (3 hours?):
1. Investigate (curriculums)
    * Find the curriculums for 2 other subjects in your context/country - Read them and make notes on their objectives and content.
    * Consider how Computing could be used in the delivery of those subjects/topics.
    * Discuss some of your ideas with a teacher of that subject.
2. Browse some of the topics listed at [computing-across-the-curriculum](https://github.com/calaldees/teachingWorkshops/blob/master/teacherEducation/computingAcrossCurriculum.md#computing-across-the-curriculum-1-hour) for inspiration
    * How can you make your computing lessons explicitly link to aspects of other subjects? (I would be interested in how these could relate to actual lessons your intend to run in future.)
3. Consider (datasets?)
    * [Open Data Interface (ODI) for secondary school education](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0360131521001718) Computers & Education Volume 174, December 2021
        * Danish experiment to create _ODI Prototype_ for secondary schools
        * > teachers lack information about openly available data sets and their potential use in education. 
        * > Teachers with little expertise in data analytics require extra time and effort, e.g., to identify and visualize data sets as part of their subjects. Thus, strategies are needed to govern open data use in education by addressing these challenges
        * > The studies indicated that for facilitating open data use in schools, a platform is needed that allows teachers to access suitable open data sets for educational purposes.
        * > students might be motivated personally at the prospect of learning more about their own neighbourhoods
        * > They need hands-on experience with data collection to understand the data concept and how to use open data
    * Using? [datasets.md](https://github.com/ComputingTeachers/mapOfComputing/blob/main/computing/datasets.md) as a starting point
        * Find a dataset you think might be interesting for a school activity (think about big questions and community engagement)
        * (This is super super hard - I would like to collaborate with more computing teachers about this)


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[computingAcrossCurriculum]: ../computingAcrossCurriculum.md "Computing Across the Curriculum"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"