SP12 Async
==========



Creativity
----------

* Schools kill creativity because we constantly give our learners prescribed tasks.
* Creativity is not valued by inspection criteria and curriculums.
* Creativity in Computing ... consider students creativity in ...
    * ... ICT??
        * Cool! Creates animations and images!
    * ... Computer Science??
        * Very difficult? how can you be creative when learning a sorting algorithm? You just need to learn the tools
    * ... Digital Literacy??
        * Being creative with eSaftey? you just need to be aware of the dangers
* I would argue that creativity is the 'secret sauce' required. Without this students have little ownership, autonomy, intrinsic motivation.
    * Suggestion: Algorithmic complexity for creating asthenic visuals algorithmically
        * See [creativeCodingWorkshop.md](https://github.com/calaldees/TeachProgramming/blob/master/teachprogramming/static/projects/creativeCodingWorkshop.md)
* See:
    * [[creativity]]
    * [[creativeTeaching]]
* Questions:
    * Does creativity have a place in the Computing curriculum (especially CS and DL)?
    * How can we incorporate creativity in Computer Science and Digital Literacy?
    * Can we assess creativity? Can can creativity be valued by our organisation or inspection framework?
    * What creative pedagogies could we use in our classroom. What could we do that is outside of the normal teaching/starter/worksheets/tests that would energise our learners. Could we take more risks in the classroom with our content?


Leading Learning
----------------

* Teachers time in precious. We need to ensure that training for teachers is meaningful and has impact on learning.
* [Effective Professional Development: Three recommendations for designing and selecting effective professional development](https://educationendowmentfoundation.org.uk/education-evidence/guidance-reports/effective-professional-development) 2021
* Development should be 'sustained' and impact measured.
* See:
    * [[cpd]]
        * See particularly 
            * the _people to follow on Twitter. Some of the best computing teachers in the country and researchers are constantly sharing insights and resources.
            * Computing Education RSS feeds and a feed reader
* Questions:
    * If you were going to deliver a teacher training session for next years cohort - what would your session be on? What would you expect trainees to action? How will you know your session has been effective?
    * What actions can you put in your calendar to enable you to make carer progress next year. (if you had 5 days, how would you make them the most impactful?)



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[creativity]: ../creativity.md "Creativity"
[creativeTeaching]: ../creativeTeaching.md "Creative Teaching (1 hour)"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"