
Objectives
----------

* Explore a range of Computing specific pedagogies
    * [[primm]]
    * [[taxonomies]]
* Lesson plan discussion
    * Lesson plan consultation
        * Literacy? Metacognition? Prior learning? spaced recall?
    * Consider formal reflective models
        * Brookfield, Kolb, Tripp
* Application of learning theories
    * [[knowledge_organisers]]
    * [[parsons_problems]]
    * [[instructional_continuum]]
        * [[constructivisum]]

* [[education_research]]

Upcoming: Assessment?
> Digital artifact only weakly correlated with understanding
Consider Modes of assessment?


---

Question: How do you help develop mental models?

* Competent people have a mental model of how to approach a common/regular task (e.g. debugging code). Competent people have constructed a model of what to do 'in advance of the problem'.
    * e.g. removing an audience from a difficult student, dropping a lesson completely to tackle a racial or sexual slur.
    * [On Feeling Competent](https://anja.kefala.info/on-feeling-competent.html)

<details>
<summary>Steps to take to fix a bug ...</summary>

* reproduce the bug
* perform a git bisect, or review recent PRs, if it seems to be a recent regression
* read the stacktrace
* inspect the state of the code with a debugger or print statements
* look at unit tests or PRs to learn the expected usage of particular modules
* ask for help from someone with more domain-specific expertise
</details>



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[primm]: ../primm.md "PRIMM"
[taxonomies]: ../taxonomies.md "taxonomies"
[knowledge_organisers]: ../knowledge_organisers.md "knowledge_organisers"
[parsons_problems]: ../parsons_problems.md "parsons_problems"
[instructional_continuum]: ../instructional_continuum.md "instructional_continuum"
[constructivisum]: ../constructivisum.md "Counterpoint"
[education_research]: ../education_research.md "Education Research"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"