SP6
===

* SP7 Async (Discussion?)
    * Asserts and Automated Testing
    * Microbits (physical computing)
        * Networking?
        * Q: Does [[physical]] computing benefit learning in CS?
            * Advantages/Disadvantages?
* [[pairProgramming]] (I don't think we covered this properly last time?)
* [[collaboration]]
    * Group projects (planning and assessing)
        * 4 strategies: Sequential, Parallel, Natural selection, collaboration
        * HARD! Need computing skills AND communication skills
        * Unfair? Individual accountability
        * Very very clear peer assessment criteria - training - Exemplar?
* [[inclusion]]
    * [SEND code of practice: 0 to 25 years](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/send-code-of-practice-0-to-25) ?? iQTS?
        * 4 Areas of need: Communication/Interaction, Cognition, Social/Emotional, Sensory/Physical
    * Focused discussion
        * Identify 3 of your students that you feel have additional needs
        * Categorise the areas of need
        * Discuss possible Strategies? 
        * Actions for planning/intervention/evaluation?
* Journal Sources 
    * (do you have `@canterbury.ac.uk` account yet?)
    * Upcoming Async Task
        * Find 2 recent papers about computing education that interest you
        * to be discussed next live session
        * Limitation? Idea? Actions?
    * Conference [ITiCSE: Innovation and Technology in Computer Science Education](https://dl.acm.org/conference/iticse/proceedings)
        * [ITiCSE '19](https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/3304221)
        * [ITiCSE '22](https://dl.acm.org/doi/proceedings/10.1145/3502718)
    * Conference [International Computing Education Research Workshop (ICER)](https://dl.acm.org/conference/icer/proceedings)


## iCCF
* Adaptive Teaching (Standard 5 – ‘Adapt teaching’)
    1. Pupils are likely to learn at different rates and to require different levels and types of support from teachers to succeed.
    2. Seeking to understand pupils’ differences, including their different levels of prior knowledge and potential barriers to learning, is an essential part of teaching.
    3. Adapting teaching in a responsive way, including by providing targeted support to pupils who are struggling, is likely to increase pupil success.
    4. Adaptive teaching is less likely to be valuable if it causes the teacher to artificially create distinct tasks for different groups of pupils or to set lower expectations for particular pupils.
    5. Flexibly grouping pupils within a class to provide more tailored support can be effective but care should be taken to monitor its impact on engagement and motivation, particularly for low attaining pupils.
    6. There is a common misconception that pupils have distinct and identifiable learning styles. This is not supported by evidence and attempting to tailor lessons to learning styles is unlikely to be beneficial.
    7. Pupils with special educational needs or disabilities are likely to require additional or adapted support; working closely with colleagues, families and pupils to understand barriers and identify effective strategies is essential.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[physical]: ../physical.md "physical"
[pairProgramming]: ../pairProgramming.md "Unsorted"
[collaboration]: ../collaboration.md "Collaboration"
[inclusion]: ../inclusion.md "Inclusion"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"